Improve latency metrics documentation (#1175)
nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress: docs-web/logging-and-monitoring/prometheus.md

## Available Metrics
The Ingress Controller exports the following metrics:

* NGINX/NGINX Plus metrics:

>   * Exported by NGINX/NGINX Plus. See this [doc](https://github.com/nginxinc/nginx-prometheus-exporter#exported-metrics) to find more information about the exported metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Exported by NGINX/NGINX Plus. Refer to the [NGINX Prometheus Exporter developer docs](https://github.com/nginxinc/nginx-prometheus-exporter#exported-metrics) to find more information about the exported metrics.
```
